DOC: Better describe utilization of custom templates (#1969)
poldracklab/fmriprep: docs/faq.rst

compute nodes are isolated, or in PC/laptop enviroments if you are travelling.
*TemplateFlow* will require Internet access the first time it receives a
query for a template resource that has not been previously accessed.
If you know what are the templates you are planning to use, you could
prefetch them using the Python client.
To do so, follow the next steps.

  1. By default, a mirror of *TemplateFlow* to store the resources will be
     created in ``$HOME/.cache/templateflow``.
     You can modify such a configuration with the ``TEMPLATEFLOW_HOME``
     environment variable, e.g.::

       $ export TEMPLATEFLOW_HOME=$HOME/.templateflow

  2. Install the client within your favorite Python 3 environment (this can
     be done in your login-node, or in a host with Internet access,
     without need for Docker/Singularity)::

       $ python -m pip install -U templateflow

  3. Use the ``get()`` utility of the client to pull down all the templates you'll
     want to use. For example::

       $ python -c "from templateflow.api import get; get(['MNI152NLin2009cAsym', 'MNI152NLin6Asym', 'OASIS30ANTs', 'MNIPediatricAsym', 'MNIInfant'])"

> After pulling down the resources you'll need, you will just need to make sure your

Reviewer: to stay consistent with the api
```suggestion
After getting the resources you'll need, you will just need to make sure your
```
